c:\users\craig\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Site\Site\bin\Site.dll
c:\users\craig\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Site\Site\bin\Site.pdb
c:\users\craig\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Site\Site\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\craig\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Site\Site\bin\TwoCheckout.dll
c:\users\craig\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Site\Site\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\craig\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Site\Site\bin\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\craig\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Site\Site\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\craig\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Site\Site\bin\TwoCheckout.pdb
c:\users\craig\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Site\Site\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\craig\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Site\Site\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\craig\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Site\Site\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\craig\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Site\Site\obj\Debug\Site.dll
c:\users\craig\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Site\Site\obj\Debug\Site.pdb
C:\Users\Craig\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\site_before\Site\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Craig\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\site_before\Site\obj\Debug\Site.dll
C:\Users\Craig\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\site_before\Site\obj\Debug\Site.pdb
C:\Users\Craig\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\site_before\Site\bin\Site.dll
C:\Users\Craig\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\site_before\Site\bin\Site.pdb
C:\Users\Craig\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\site_before\Site\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Craig\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\site_before\Site\bin\TwoCheckout.dll
C:\Users\Craig\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\site_before\Site\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Craig\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\site_before\Site\bin\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Craig\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\site_before\Site\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Craig\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\site_before\Site\bin\TwoCheckout.pdb
C:\Users\Craig\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\site_before\Site\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
C:\Users\Craig\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\site_before\Site\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
